[Enhancement] Reintroduce the `MapStore` interface and `SimpleMap` and make the `Badger` a submodules (#33)
pokt-network/smt: docs/kvstore.md

> # MapStore

Reviewer: rename the file to `mapstore.md` from `kvstore.md`

<!-- toc -->

- [Implementations](#implementations)
  * [SimpleMap](#simplemap)
  * [BadgerV4](#badgerv4)

<!-- tocstop -->

The `MapStore` is a simple interface used by the SM(S)T to store, delete and

> retrieve key-value pairs. Due to its simplicity and more complex key-value
> databases that implement it can be used in its place as the node store for a
> trie.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
retrieve key-value pairs. It is intentionally simple and minimalistic so as to 
enable different key-value engines to implement and back the trie database.
```

See: [the interface](../kvstore/interfaces.go) for a more detailed description
of the simple interface required by the SM(S)T.

## Implementations

### SimpleMap

> The `simplemap` is a simple kv-store shipped with the SM(S)T. But as a
> submodule the library (the SMT) can be used without it. As long as the node
> store provided to the SMT adheres to the `MapStore` interface **anything** can
> be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`simplemap` is a simple kv-store shipped with the SM(S)T. The SMT library
can be used without it as long as the selected node store adheres to the 
`Mapstore` interface.
```

> This is recommemded for simple, testing purposes or non-production usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library is recommended for development, testing and exploration purposes. 
This library SHOULD NOT be used in production.
```

See [simplemap.go](../kvstore/simplemap/simplemap.go) for more details.

### BadgerV4

> As documented in the [badger](./badger-store.md) documentation the interface
> implements the `MapStore` interface as well as many other methods, and offers
> persistence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library provides a wrapper around [dgraph-io/badger](https://github.com/dgraph-io/badger)
to adhere to the `MapStore` interface. See the [full documentation](./badger-store.md) for additional
functionality and implementation details.
```
